c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\MVCTestMWalsh.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\MVCTestMWalsh.pdb
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\obj\Debug\MVCTestMWalsh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\obj\Debug\MVCTestMWalsh.dll
c:\users\kri\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MVCTestMWalsh\MVCTestMWalsh\obj\Debug\MVCTestMWalsh.pdb
